# research-on-radiology

This research, done by Caden J. Abdul-Ahad (aka. Carrier Pigeon Dev, MrCreeps Gaming43, etc.) utilizes Research as a Repo(sitory), or RaaR. RaaR allows for indepth citations by showing, not only where information was retrieved, but what exact information was used as well an explanation of how it relates to the research, offering more credibility to the author compared to typical "Works Cited" or "References" pages. This repo uses a prototype of the [RaaR Rev 1.0 (5 May 2024) Standard.](RaaR.md).

The research itself is done to show how modern computer vision models may affect the future of diagnostic radiology.

The author (me) is a Python, C# (+Unity), and Rust hobbyist programmer who also creates scripts for his highschool's CyberPatriot team. The author has significant experience with using various AI models, such as those provided in the multimodal GPT-4 based models available with ChatGPT, as well as a more-than-normie level understanding of how they work. The author had decided to pursue a career in the field of diagnostic radiology. In an attempt to understand if he will have a job or not, the author writes this research paper on the impact computer vision will have on radiology by understanding a brief history of radiology and how it has progressed with technology, the history of artificial intelligence models (such as multimodal GPTs for image inputs and text-based responses), the responsibilities of diagnostic radiologists, the capabilities of modern GPT models, finding the overlap in the previous two, the cost-effectiveness of replacing human diagnostic radiologists, and possible human-beneficial jobs that can come from advancements in artifical intelligence technology.

Contact me at `carrierpigeon.dev@gmail.com` (I tend to not check it often).
